---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer Data Source - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer resource represents a High Availability (HA) load balancer group in KakaoCloud.This resource is used to provision and manage Beyond Load Balancer services, ensuring traffic distribution and fault tolerance across multiple load balancers.
  You can use this resource to:
  Create and manage HA groups with one or more load balancers.Define load balancers to be attached to the HA group.Associate the HA group with a VPC and its CIDR block.Retrieve DNS names, availability zones, and operational status of the group.Track provisioning and operating states for lifecycle management.
  By managing this resource in Terraform, you can automate deployment and scaling of resilient load balancing services in KakaoCloud.
---

# kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer (Data Source)

The `kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer` resource represents a **High Availability (HA) load balancer group** in
KakaoCloud.  
This resource is used to provision and manage Beyond Load Balancer services, ensuring traffic distribution and fault
tolerance across multiple load balancers.

You can use this resource to:

- Create and manage HA groups with one or more load balancers.
- Define load balancers to be attached to the HA group.
- Associate the HA group with a VPC and its CIDR block.
- Retrieve DNS names, availability zones, and operational status of the group.
- Track provisioning and operating states for lifecycle management.

By managing this resource in Terraform, you can automate deployment and scaling of resilient load balancing services in
KakaoCloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Copyright (c) HashiCorp, Inc.
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

# Get a specific beyond load balancer by ID
data "kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer" "example" {
  id = "your-beyond-load-balancer-id-here" # Replace with your beyond load balancer ID
}

# Output the fetched data
output "beyond_load_balancer_name" {
  value = data.kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer.example
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `id` (Required, String) beyond load balancer ID

- `timeouts` (Required, Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `availability_zones` (List of String) List of availability zones configured for the high availability group
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `description` (String) Description of the high availability group
- `dns_name` (String) Associated DNS name (e.g., public address of the load balancer)
- `load_balancers` (Attributes List) List of load balancers included in the high availability group (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers))
- `name` (String) High availability group name
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `provider_name` (String) Service provider information
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `scheme` (String) Access type
- `type` (String) [Load balancer type](https://docs.kakaocloud.com/en/service/bns/lb/lb-overview#사용-목적에-따른-로드-밸런서-유형-제공)
- `type_id` (String) High availability group type ID
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `vpc_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the VPC
- `vpc_id` (String) Unique ID of the VPC
- `vpc_name` (String) Associated VPC name

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers"></a>

### Nested Schema for `load_balancers`

- `availability_zone` (String) List of availability zones configured for the high availability group
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer
- `id` (String) Load balancer ID
- `name` (String) Load balancer name
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `subnet_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `subnet_id` (String) Associated subnet ID
- `subnet_name` (String) Associated subnet name
- `type` (String) Load balancer type
- `type_id` (String) Load balancer type identifier
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
