---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig Data Source - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Kubernetes Engine"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig data source retrieves the kubeconfig file for a specified Kubernetes Engine cluster in KakaoCloud.
  This data source is useful when you need to:
  Generate or download the kubeconfig for a cluster to authenticate with kubectl or other Kubernetes tools.Access cluster connection details such as API server endpoints, certificate authority data, contexts, and users.Dynamically integrate kubeconfig information into Terraform-managed workflows without manually exporting credentials.
---

# kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig (Data Source)

The `kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig` data source retrieves the kubeconfig file for a specified Kubernetes
Engine cluster in KakaoCloud.

This data source is useful when you need to:

- Generate or download the kubeconfig for a cluster to authenticate with `kubectl` or other Kubernetes tools.
- Access cluster connection details such as API server endpoints, certificate authority data, contexts, and users.
- Dynamically integrate kubeconfig information into Terraform-managed workflows without manually exporting credentials.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig" "example" {
  cluster_name = "<your-cluster-name>"
}

output "kubeconfig_yaml" {
  value = data.kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig.example.kubeconfig_yaml
}

output "api_server_endpoint" {
  value = data.kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_kubeconfig.example.clusters[0].cluster.server
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `cluster_name` (Required, String) Target cluster name.

- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (See [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts).)

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `api_version` (String) API version of the kubeconfig file.
- `clusters` (Attributes List) Cluster definitions included in the kubeconfig. (
  see [nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters)) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters))
- `contexts` (Attributes List) Context configurations included in the kubeconfig. (
  see [nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts)) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts))
- `current_context` (String) The name of the context that is currently active.
- `kind` (String) Type of Kubernetes object represented (typically `"Config"`).
- `kubeconfig_yaml` (String) Full kubeconfig output in YAML format.
- `preferences` (Map of String) User preference settings (commonly empty).
- `users` (Attributes List) User authentication configurations. (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--users)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration).

<a id="nestedatt--clusters"></a>

### Nested Schema for `clusters`

- `cluster` (Attributes) Cluster information. (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--cluster)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--clusters--cluster))
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster entry.

<a id="nestedatt--clusters--cluster"></a>

### Nested Schema for `clusters.cluster`

- `certificate_authority_data` (String) Base64-encoded CA certificate used to verify the API server.
- `server` (String) URL endpoint of the Kubernetes API server.

<a id="nestedatt--contexts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `contexts`

- `context` (Attributes) Context information. (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts--context)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--contexts--context))
- `name` (String) Name of the context entry.

<a id="nestedatt--contexts--context"></a>

### Nested Schema for `contexts.context`

- `cluster` (String) Cluster name referenced by the context.
- `user` (String) User name referenced by the context.

<a id="nestedatt--users"></a>

### Nested Schema for `users`

- `name` (String) Name of the user entry.
- `user` (Attributes) User authentication information. (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user))

<a id="nestedatt--users--user"></a>

### Nested Schema for `users.user`

- `exec` (Attributes) Exec-based authentication settings. (see [nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user--exec)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user--exec))

<a id="nestedatt--users--user--exec"></a>

### Nested Schema for `users.user.exec`

- `api_version` (String) API version for the exec authentication plugin.
- `args` (List of String) Arguments passed to the exec authentication command.
- `command` (String) Command executed for external authentication.
- `env` (Attributes List) Environment variables passed to the exec command. (
  see [nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user--exec--env)) (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--users--user--exec--env))
- `provide_cluster_info` (Boolean) Indicates whether cluster information should be provided to the exec plugin.

<a id="nestedatt--users--user--exec--env"></a>

### Nested Schema for `users.user.exec.env`

- `name` (String) Name of the environment variable.
- `value` (String) Value assigned to the environment variable.





