---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud Provider"
description: |-
  Use the KakaoCloud provider to manage infrastructure resources such as compute, networking, storage, and Kubernetes services on KakaoCloud.
---

# KakaoCloud Provider

The **KakaoCloud provider** is used to interact with [KakaoCloud](https://www.kakaocloud.com/) services.  
It enables users to provision, configure, and manage various cloud resources including compute instances, networks, storage, and container services.  
The provider must be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

!> **Warning** This provider is supported on **Terraform Version 1.11 or later**.

## Example Usage

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    kakaocloud = {
      source  = "kakaoenterprise/kakaocloud"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "kakaocloud" {
  application_credential_id     = var.application_credential_id
  application_credential_secret = var.application_credential_secret
}
```
See the **Authentication** section below for details on configuring provider credentials.

## Authentication

The KakaoCloud provider supports two methods for authentication and credential management.

It checks for credentials in the following order, as detailed below:

1. Static credentials
2. Environment variables

### 1. Static credentials

Static credentials can be specified directly in the KakaoCloud provider block using the `application_credential_id` and `application_credential_secret` arguments.

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    kakaocloud = {
      source  = "kakaoenterprise/kakaocloud"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "kakaocloud" {
  application_credential_id     = var.application_credential_id
  application_credential_secret = var.application_credential_secret
}
```

### 2. Environment variables

Credentials can be supplied using the `KAKAOCLOUD_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL_ID` and `KAKAOCLOUD_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL_SECRET` environment variables, which correspond to the application credential ID and secret for KakaoCloud.

**Provider Example**

```hcl
terraform {
  required_providers {
    kakaocloud = {
      source  = "kakaoenterprise/kakaocloud"
      version = "0.1.0"
    }
  }
}

provider "kakaocloud" {}
```

**Environment Variables**

```shell
$ export KAKAOCLOUD_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL_ID="application-credential-id"
$ export KAKAOCLOUD_APPLICATION_CREDENTIAL_SECRET="application-credential-secret"
$ terraform plan
```

-> **Note** Application credentials can be generated from the KakaoCloud console.
Please refer to the [KakaoCloud documentation > Credentials](https://docs.kakaocloud.com/en/start/console-guide/credentials) for detailed instructions on generating application credentials.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `application_credential_id` (String, Sensitive) Application credential ID for Kakaocloud authentication
- `application_credential_secret` (String, Sensitive) Application credential secret for Kakaocloud authentication

## See Also

- [KakaoCloud Console Guide – API Authentication Token](https://docs.kakaocloud.com/en/start/api-preparation)  
- [Terraform Plugin Docs – Official Guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs)