---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer resource allows you to create and manage a Beyond Load Balancer high availability (HA) group in KakaoCloud.This resource provides configuration options for attaching load balancers, defining access schemes, and associating with a specific VPC.It also exposes detailed status, DNS, and networking information to help monitor and manage HA groups effectively.
---

# kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_beyond_load_balancer` resource allows you to create and manage a Beyond Load Balancer high
availability (HA) group in KakaoCloud.  
This resource provides configuration options for attaching load balancers, defining access schemes, and associating with
a specific VPC.  
It also exposes detailed status, DNS, and networking information to help monitor and manage HA groups effectively.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `attached_load_balancers` (Optional, Attributes Set) Request List of load balancers belonging to the HA group (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_load_balancers))
- `name` (Required, String) High availability group name
- `scheme` (Required, String) Access type
- `type_id` (Required, String) High availability group type ID
- `vpc_id` (Required, String) Unique ID of the VPC

- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the high availability group
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `availability_zones` (List of String) List of availability zones configured for the high availability group
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `dns_name` (String) Associated DNS name (e.g., public address of the load balancer)
- `id` (String) High availability group ID
- `load_balancers` (Attributes List) List of load balancers included in the high availability group (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--load_balancers))
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `provider_name` (String) Service provider information
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `type` (String) [Load balancer type](https://docs.kakaocloud.com/en/service/bns/lb/lb-overview#사용-목적에-따른-로드-밸런서-유형-제공)
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `vpc_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the VPC
- `vpc_name` (String) Associated VPC name

<a id="nestedatt--attached_load_balancers"></a>

### Nested Schema for `attached_load_balancers`

- `availability_zone` (Required, String) Availability zone
- `id` (Required, String) Load balancer ID

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--load_balancers"></a>

### Nested Schema for `load_balancers`

- `availability_zone` (String) List of availability zones configured for the high availability group
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `description` (String) Description of the load balancer
- `id` (String) Load balancer ID
- `name` (String) Load balancer name
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `subnet_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `subnet_id` (String) Associated subnet ID
- `subnet_name` (String) Associated subnet name
- `type` (String) Load balancer type
- `type_id` (String) Load balancer type identifier
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
