---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_image Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Beyond Compute Service"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_image resource allows you to create and manage custom images in KakaoCloud.You can build images from existing volumes, define descriptions, and use them to launch instances across projects.This resource also provides detailed metadata such as operating system information, disk and memory requirements, sharing status, and visibility settings, enabling flexible and secure image management.
---

# kakaocloud_image (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_image` resource allows you to create and manage custom images in KakaoCloud.  
You can build images from existing volumes, define descriptions, and use them to launch instances across projects.  
This resource also provides detailed metadata such as operating system information, disk and memory requirements,
sharing status, and visibility settings, enabling flexible and secure image management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_image Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_image)
resource "kakaocloud_image" "example" {
  name      = "example"
  volume_id = kakaocloud_instance.example.attached_volumes[0].id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `name` (Required, String) Name of the image

- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the image
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `volume_id` (Optional, String) Unique ID of the volume
    - Only root volumes can be used to create images (non‑bootable data volumes cannot be used)

## Attribute Reference

- `container_format` (String) Container format of the image
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `disk_format` (String) Disk format of the image
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the image
- `image_member_status` (String) Sharing status of the image member (project) <br/>- Available if the image is shared
  from another project
- `instance_type` (String) Compatible instance types for the image <br/>- `gpu` images can be checked in `vm` images
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Whether the image is shared
- `min_disk` (Number) Minimum disk size required to use this image (GB)
- `min_ram` (Number) Minimum memory required to use this image (MB)
- `os_info` (Attributes) Operating system information of the image (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--os_info))
- `owner` (String) Owner of the image (project ID that owns the image)
- `project_id` (String) Unique ID of the project
- `size` (Number) Size of the image (in bytes)
- `status` (String) Status of the image
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last modified <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `virtual_size` (Number) Size of the image (in bytes)
- `visibility` (String) Visibility of the image <br/> - `public`: Visible to all users <br/> - `private`: Available only
  to the owning project <br/> - `shared`: Shared only with selected projects

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--os_info"></a>

### Nested Schema for `os_info`

- `admin_user` (String) Default administrator account name of the image
- `architecture` (String) System architecture
- `distro` (String) Name of the distribution
- `is_hidden` (Boolean) Whether the image is hidden
- `type` (String) Operating system type

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_image.example <resource_id>
```

