---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_image_member Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Beyond Compute Service"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_image_member resource allows you to manage image sharing between projects in KakaoCloud.By using this resource, you can share a specific image with another project, control its sharing status, and track creation and update details.This helps ensure secure and consistent image access across multiple projects within your environment.
---

# kakaocloud_image_member (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_image_member` resource allows you to manage image sharing between projects in KakaoCloud.  
By using this resource, you can share a specific image with another project, control its sharing status, and track
creation and update details.  
This helps ensure secure and consistent image access across multiple projects within your environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_image_member Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_image_member)
resource "kakaocloud_image_member" "example" {
  id                = kakaocloud_image.example.id
  shared_member_ids = [var.project1_id, var.project2_id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `id` (Required, String) Unique ID of the image
- `shared_member_ids` (Required, Set of String) Image shared member ID List

- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `members` (Attributes List)  List of projects with which the image is shared. (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>

### Nested Schema for `members`

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the project receiving the shared image
- `image_id` (String) Unique ID of the image
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether the image is currently shared with the project.
- `status` (String) Image sharing status
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last modified <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_image_member.example <resource_id>
```

