---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_keypair Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Beyond Compute Service"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_keypair resource allows you to create and manage SSH key pairs in KakaoCloud.Key pairs are used to securely access instances, and you can either import an existing public key or generate a new key pair.This resource provides lifecycle management for key pairs, including metadata such as fingerprints and ownership details.
---

# kakaocloud_keypair (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_keypair` resource allows you to create and manage SSH key pairs in KakaoCloud.  
Key pairs are used to securely access instances, and you can either import an existing public key or generate a new key
pair.  
This resource provides lifecycle management for key pairs, including metadata such as fingerprints and ownership
details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_keypair Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_keypair)
resource "kakaocloud_keypair" "example" {
  name = "example-keypair"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `name` (Required, String) Key pair name

- `public_key` (Optional, String) Public key
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `fingerprint` (String) Unique fingerprint of the public key <br/> - Used for verification in SSH clients
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the key pair
- `private_key` (String) Private key of the created key pair <br/> - Saved in the user’s local environment and used for
  SSH authentication
- `type` (String) Key type
- `user_id` (String) User ID of the key pair owner

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_keypair.example <resource_name>
```

