---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_cluster_node Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Kubernetes Engine"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_cluster_node resource allows you to manage worker nodes in a KakaoCloud Kubernetes Engine cluster.You can cordon, drain, remove, or recreate nodes to maintain cluster stability during upgrades, scaling, or troubleshooting.This resource helps automate node lifecycle operations while ensuring workloads are rescheduled safely.
---

# kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_cluster_node (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_kubernetes_engine_cluster_node` resource allows you to manage worker nodes in a KakaoCloud Kubernetes
Engine cluster.  
You can cordon, drain, remove, or recreate nodes to maintain cluster stability during upgrades, scaling, or
troubleshooting.  
This resource helps automate node lifecycle operations while ensuring workloads are rescheduled safely.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `cluster_name` (Required, String) Target cluster name
- `node_names` (Required, Set of String) List of node names to remove

- `is_cordon` (Optional, Boolean) Whether to set nodes to cordon state <br/>- `true`: Set the nodes to cordon state to
  block scheduling of new pods <br/>- `false`: Do not set the nodes to cordon state (default)
- `is_remove` (Optional, Boolean) Whether to delete or recreate nodes <br/> - `true`: Delete the nodes from the
  cluster <br/> - `false`: Recreate the nodes (drain nodes, create new ones, then delete the old ones)
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `id` (String) Unique ID of the node

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
