---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule resource allows you to define and manage Layer 7 (L7) policy rules for KakaoCloud Load Balancers.You can configure rules based on paths, headers, hosts, cookies, or file types, with flexible comparison methods and optional inversion.This resource enables advanced traffic routing and fine-grained control over request handling at the application layer.
---

# kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule` resource allows you to define and manage Layer 7 (L7) policy rules for
KakaoCloud Load Balancers.  
You can configure rules based on paths, headers, hosts, cookies, or file types, with flexible comparison methods and
optional inversion.  
This resource enables advanced traffic routing and fine-grained control over request handling at the application layer.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule)
resource "kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule" "example" {
  l7_policy_id = kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy.example.id
  type         = "PATH"
  compare_type = "STARTS_WITH"
  value        = "/api/"
  is_inverted  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `compare_type` (Required, String) Rule comparison method
- `l7_policy_id` (Required, String) ID of the L7 policy where the rule will be added
- `type` (Required, String) Target type to check the rule against
- `value` (Required, String) Value to compare

- `is_inverted` (Optional, Boolean) Whether to invert the comparison result of the rule
- `key` (Optional, String) Comparison key
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `id` (String) ID of the created L7 rule
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `project_id` (String) Project ID that owns the resource
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_load_balancer_l7_policy_rule.path_rule <l7_policy_id>/<rule_id>
```

