---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_load_balancer_target_group_member Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_load_balancer_target_group_member resource allows you to register and manage target instances in a load balancer target group.You can specify IP addresses, ports, and weights for traffic distribution, as well as optional health check settings.This resource provides detailed metadata and status information, enabling precise control of backend servers within KakaoCloud load balancing.
---

# kakaocloud_load_balancer_target_group_member (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_load_balancer_target_group_member` resource allows you to register and manage target instances in a load
balancer target group.  
You can specify IP addresses, ports, and weights for traffic distribution, as well as optional health check settings.  
This resource provides detailed metadata and status information, enabling precise control of backend servers within
KakaoCloud load balancing.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `address` (Required, String) IP address of the target instance
- `protocol_port` (Required, Number) Port number for receiving traffic
- `subnet_id` (Required, String) Subnet ID where the target instance is located
- `target_group_id` (Required, String) Target group ID

- `monitor_port` (Optional, Number) Port used for health checks
- `name` (Optional, String) Name of the target instance
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `weight` (Optional, Number) Traffic distribution weight

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the created target instance
- `instance_id` (String) Unique ID of the instance
- `instance_name` (String) Instance name
- `is_backup` (Boolean) Whether it is a backup server
- `network_interface_id` (String) Network interface ID
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `project_id` (String) Project ID that owns the resource
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `security_groups` (Attributes List) List of security groups (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `subnet` (Attributes) Subnet information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet))
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `vpc_id` (String) Unique VPC ID

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

- `id` (String) Security group ID
- `name` (String) Security group name

<a id="nestedatt--subnet"></a>

### Nested Schema for `subnet`

- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone where the subnet is located
- `cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `health_check_ips` (List of String) List of IP addresses used for health checks
- `id` (String) Subnet ID
- `name` (String) Subnet name
