---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_load_balancer Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "Load Balancer"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_load_balancer resource allows you to create and manage load balancers in KakaoCloud.You can configure subnet placement, load balancer type, and logging options, while also retrieving detailed information such as VIP addresses, listeners, target groups, and operational status.This resource enables high availability and traffic distribution for applications running in KakaoCloud.
---

# kakaocloud_load_balancer (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_load_balancer` resource allows you to create and manage load balancers in KakaoCloud.  
You can configure subnet placement, load balancer type, and logging options, while also retrieving detailed information
such as VIP addresses, listeners, target groups, and operational status.  
This resource enables high availability and traffic distribution for applications running in KakaoCloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_load_balancer Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_load_balancer)
resource "kakaocloud_load_balancer" "example" {
  name              = "example-load-balancer"
  flavor_id         = "687c7076-7236-4906-9630-dd51abs6f1e3" # ALB Flavor ID
  availability_zone = "kr-central-2-a"
  subnet_id         = kakaocloud_subnet.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `availability_zone` (Required, String) Availability zone where the load balancer is located
- `flavor_id` (Required, String) Load balancer type
- `name` (Required, String) Load balancer name
- `subnet_id` (Required, String) ID of the subnet the load balancer belongs to

- `access_logs` (Optional, Attributes) Access log settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_logs))
- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the load balancer
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `beyond_load_balancer_dns_name` (String) DNS name of the high availability group
- `beyond_load_balancer_id` (String) Associated high availability group ID
- `beyond_load_balancer_name` (String) High availability group name
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the created load balancer
- `listener_count` (Number) Number of associated listeners
- `listener_ids` (List of String) List of listener IDs
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `private_vip` (String) Private VIP address
- `project_id` (String) Project ID
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `public_vip` (String) Public VIP address
- `subnet_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `subnet_name` (String) Associated subnet name
- `target_group_count` (Number) Number of target groups associated with the load balancer
- `type` (String) Load balancer type (ALB, NLB, etc.)
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format  <br/> - Based on UTC
- `vpc_id` (String) Associated VPC ID
- `vpc_name` (String) Associated VPC name

<a id="nestedatt--access_logs"></a>

### Nested Schema for `access_logs`

- `access_key` (Required, String) Access key used for bucket access
- `bucket` (Required, String) Target bucket name for storing logs
- `secret_key` (Required, String) Certificate key used for bucket access

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_load_balancer.example <resource_id>
```

