---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_network_interface Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_network_interface resource allows you to create and manage network interfaces in KakaoCloud.You can attach network interfaces to subnets, assign private IPs, and configure security groups or allowed address pairs.This resource provides detailed information such as MAC addresses, device ownership, public IPs, and operational status, enabling flexible and secure network configurations.
---

# kakaocloud_network_interface (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_network_interface` resource allows you to create and manage network interfaces in KakaoCloud.  
You can attach network interfaces to subnets, assign private IPs, and configure security groups or allowed address
pairs.  
This resource provides detailed information such as MAC addresses, device ownership, public IPs, and operational status,
enabling flexible and secure network configurations.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `name` (Required, String) Name of the network interface
- `security_groups` (Required, Attributes Set) List of attached security groups (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `subnet_id` (Required, String) ID of the connected subnet

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Optional, Attributes Set) List of allowed IP addresses for packet transmission (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs))
- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the network interface
- `private_ip` (Optional, String) Primary private IP address (IPv4 format)
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `device_id` (String) ID of the resource attached to the network interface
- `device_owner` (String) Owner type of the resource attached to the interface (e.g., instance, router, etc.)
- `id` (String) Network interface ID
- `is_network_interface_security_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether security groups are enabled
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network interface
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project the network interface belongs to
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project
- `public_ip` (String) Associated public IP
- `secondary_ips` (List of String) List of secondary IPs attached to the network interface
- `status` (String) Current status of the network interface
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC the network interface belongs to

<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>

### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

- `id` (Required, String) Security group ID


- `name` (String) Security group name

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs"></a>

### Nested Schema for `allowed_address_pairs`

- `ip_address` (Required, String) Allowed IP address


- `mac_address` (String) Allowed MAC address

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
