---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_public_ip Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_public_ip resource allows you to allocate and manage public IP addresses in KakaoCloud.You can associate public IPs with instances or load balancers, and retrieve detailed information about the linked resource, subnet, and VPC.This resource enables flexible network connectivity and external access management for your cloud workloads.
---

# kakaocloud_public_ip (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_public_ip` resource allows you to allocate and manage public IP addresses in KakaoCloud.  
You can associate public IPs with instances or load balancers, and retrieve detailed information about the linked
resource, subnet, and VPC.  
This resource enables flexible network connectivity and external access management for your cloud workloads.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_public_ip Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_public_ip)
resource "kakaocloud_public_ip" "example" {
  description = "Example - Basic Public IP"
}


# Usage for Instance (kakaocloud_public_ip)
resource "kakaocloud_public_ip" "example_instance" {
  description = "Example - Public IP associated with an instance"

  related_resource = {
    device_id   = kakaocloud_instance.example.id
    device_type = "instance"
    id          = kakaocloud_network_interface.example.id
  }
}


# Usage for Load Balancer (kakaocloud_public_ip)
resource "kakaocloud_public_ip" "example_lb" {
  description = "Example - Public IP associated with a load balancer"

  related_resource = {
    device_id   = kakaocloud_load_balancer.example.id
    device_type = "load-balancer"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the public IP
- `related_resource` (Optional, Attributes) Information of the resource associated with the public IP (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--related_resource))
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the public IP
- `private_ip` (String) Private IP address of the associated network interface (IPv4 format)
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project this public IP belongs to
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP address
- `status` (String) Current status of the public IP
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC

<a id="nestedatt--related_resource"></a>

### Nested Schema for `related_resource`

- `device_id` (Required, String) Enter the resource ID
- `device_type` (Required, String) `instance` or `load-balancer` can be entered

- `id` (Optional, String) When `device_type` is `instance`, enter the network interface ID
- `device_owner` (String) Device owner
- `name` (String) Resource name
- `status` (String) Resource status
- `subnet_cidr` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `subnet_id` (String) Associated subnet ID
- `subnet_name` (String) Subnet name
- `type` (String) Resource type
- `vpc_id` (String) Unique ID of the VPC
- `vpc_name` (String) VPC name

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_public_ip.example <resource_id>
```

