---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_route_table_association Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_route_table_association resource allows you to manage the association between route tables and subnets in KakaoCloud.
  You can specify which subnets are linked to a given route table, ensuring proper routing configuration within a VPC.
  This resource also provides detailed information about associated subnets, availability zones, and provisioning status.
---

# kakaocloud_route_table_association (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_route_table_association` resource allows you to manage the association between route tables and subnets in KakaoCloud.
You can specify which subnets are linked to a given route table, ensuring proper routing configuration within a VPC.
This resource also provides detailed information about associated subnets, availability zones, and provisioning status.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the Route Table to associate the subnets with.
- `subnet_ids` (Set of String) Association Subnet ID 목록

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `associations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--associations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associations`

Read-Only:

- `availability_zone` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `provisioning_status` (String)
- `subnet_cidr_block` (String)
- `subnet_id` (String)
- `subnet_name` (String)
- `vpc_id` (String)
- `vpc_name` (String)
