---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_route_table Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_route_table resource allows you to create and manage route tables in KakaoCloud.You can define custom routes, associate them with subnets, and configure main route tables within a VPC.This resource also provides detailed information on existing routes, associations, and provisioning status, ensuring flexible and reliable network routing management.
---

# kakaocloud_route_table (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_route_table` resource allows you to create and manage route tables in KakaoCloud.  
You can define custom routes, associate them with subnets, and configure main route tables within a VPC.  
This resource also provides detailed information on existing routes, associations, and provisioning status, ensuring
flexible and reliable network routing management.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_route_table Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_route_table)
resource "kakaocloud_route_table" "example" {
  name   = "example-rt"
  vpc_id = kakaocloud_vpc.example.id
}

# Usage with Route Definition (kakaocloud_route_table)
resource "kakaocloud_route_table" "example_with_route" {
  name   = "example-rt-with-route"
  vpc_id = kakaocloud_vpc.example.id

  request_routes = [
    {
      destination = "0.0.0.0/0"
      target_id   = kakaocloud_vpc.example.igw.id
      target_type = "igw"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `name` (Required, String) Route table name
- `vpc_id` (Required, String) ID of the VPC the route table belongs to

- `is_main` (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether it is the main route table
- `request_routes` (Optional, Attributes List) List of routes registered in the route table (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_routes))
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `associations` (Attributes List) List of subnet associations connected to the route table (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associations))
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `id` (String) Route table ID
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project the route table belongs to
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the route table belongs to
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `routes` (Attributes List) List of routes registered in the route table (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--routes))
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC the route table belongs to
- `vpc_provisioning_status` (String) Status of the VPC

<a id="nestedatt--request_routes"></a>

### Nested Schema for `request_routes`

- `destination` (Required, String) Destination network address (CIDR format)
- `target_id` (Required, String) Target resource ID
- `target_type` (Required, String) Target resource type
- `id` (String) Route ID

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--associations"></a>

### Nested Schema for `associations`

- `availability_zone` (String) Availability zone
- `id` (String) Association ID
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `subnet_cidr_block` (String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the connected subnet
- `subnet_name` (String) Name of the connected subnet
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the connected VPC
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the connected VPC

<a id="nestedatt--routes"></a>

### Nested Schema for `routes`

- `destination` (Required, String) Destination network address (CIDR format)
- `target_id` (Required, String) Target resource ID
- `target_type` (Required, String) Target resource type
- `id` (String) Route ID
- `is_local_route` (Boolean) Indicates whether it is a local route<br/>  - `true`: route for communication within the
  same VPC
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `target_name` (String) Target resource name

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_route_table.example <resource_id>
```

