---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_security_group Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_security_group resource allows you to create and manage security groups in KakaoCloud.You can define inbound and outbound rules to control network traffic at the instance or subnet level, using protocols, ports, and CIDR ranges.This resource also provides metadata and state information, ensuring secure and flexible access management for your cloud environment.
---

# kakaocloud_security_group (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_security_group` resource allows you to create and manage security groups in KakaoCloud.  
You can define inbound and outbound rules to control network traffic at the instance or subnet level, using protocols,
ports, and CIDR ranges.  
This resource also provides metadata and state information, ensuring secure and flexible access management for your
cloud environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_security_group Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_security_group)
resource "kakaocloud_security_group" "example" {
  name = "example-sg"

  rules = [
    {
      direction        = "egress"
      description      = "Outbound - allow all traffic"
      protocol         = "ALL"
      remote_ip_prefix = "0.0.0.0/0"
    }
  ]
}

# Usage for SSH Access (kakaocloud_security_group)
resource "kakaocloud_security_group" "example_ssh" {
  name = "example-sg-ssh"

  rules = [
    {
      direction        = "ingress"
      description      = "Inbound - allow SSH within VPC"
      protocol         = "TCP"
      port_range_min   = "22"
      port_range_max   = "22"
      remote_ip_prefix = kakaocloud_vpc.example.cidr_block
    },
    {
      direction        = "egress"
      description      = "Outbound - allow all traffic"
      protocol         = "ALL"
      remote_ip_prefix = "0.0.0.0/0"
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `name` (Required, String) Name of the security group

- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the security group
- `rules` (Optional, Attributes Set) Inbound and outbound rules configured in the security group (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the security group
- `is_stateful` (Boolean) Whether the security group is stateful
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project the security group belongs to
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the security group belongs to
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>

### Nested Schema for `rules`

- `direction` (Required, String) Traffic direction <br/> - `ingress`: inbound (receive) <br/> - `egress`: outbound (
  send)
- `protocol` (Required, String) Allowed network protocol <br/> - `TCP`: Transmission Control Protocol <br/> - `UDP`:
  User Datagram Protocol <br/> - `ICMP`: Internet Control Message Protocol <br/> - `IPIP`: IP-in-IP tunneling <br/> -
  `ALL`: All protocols

- `description` (Optional, String) Description of the security group rule
- `port_range_min` (Optional, Number) Start port of the allowed range (e.g., `22` for SSH)
    - Required for TCP/UDP protocols
- `port_range_max` (Optional, Number) End port of the allowed range (e.g., `22` for SSH)
    - Required for TCP/UDP protocols
- `remote_group_id` (Optional, String) ID of the source/destination security group
    - Use when traffic should be allowed from/to other security groups
    - Cannot be set together with `remote_ip_prefix`
- `remote_ip_prefix` (Optional, String) Source or destination IP range in CIDR format (e.g., `0.0.0.0/0`)
    - Required if `remote_group_id` is not set
- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the security group rule
- `remote_group_name` (String) Name of the source or destination security group for allowed traffic
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_security_group.example <resource_id>
```

