---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_subnet Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_subnet resource allows you to create and manage subnets within a VPC in KakaoCloud.You can define CIDR blocks, availability zones, and associate subnets with route tables.This resource also provides metadata such as project ownership, provisioning status, and sharing options, enabling flexible and organized network segmentation.
---

# kakaocloud_subnet (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_subnet` resource allows you to create and manage subnets within a VPC in KakaoCloud.  
You can define CIDR blocks, availability zones, and associate subnets with route tables.  
This resource also provides metadata such as project ownership, provisioning status, and sharing options, enabling
flexible and organized network segmentation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_subnet Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_subnet)
resource "kakaocloud_subnet" "example" {
  vpc_id            = kakaocloud_vpc.example.id
  name              = "example-subnet"
  cidr_block        = "10.0.1.0/24"
  availability_zone = "kr-central-2-b"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `availability_zone` (Required, String) Availability zone the subnet belongs to <br/>
    - Example: `kr-central-2-a`, `kr-central-2-b`, `kr-central-2-c`
- `cidr_block` (Required, String) IPv4 CIDR block of the subnet
- `name` (Required, String) Subnet name
- `vpc_id` (Required, String) ID of the VPC the subnet belongs to

- `route_table_id` (Optional, String) ID of the route table connected to the subnet
    - The name of the associated route table is available as `route_table_name` in the output.
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `id` (String) Subnet ID
- `is_shared` (Boolean) Indicates whether it is shared
- `owner_project_id` (String) ID of the project that owns the subnet
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project that created the subnet
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the subnet belongs to
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `route_table_name` (String) Name of the route table connected to the subnet
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC the subnet belongs to

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_subnet.example <resource_id>
```

