---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_subnet_share Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_subnet_share resource allows you to manage subnet sharing between projects in KakaoCloud.You can grant other projects access to a specific subnet by specifying their project IDs, while also retrieving the list of projects that currently have access.This resource helps enable cross-project collaboration and controlled network resource sharing within KakaoCloud.
---

# kakaocloud_subnet_share (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_subnet_share` resource allows you to manage subnet sharing between projects in KakaoCloud.  
You can grant other projects access to a specific subnet by specifying their project IDs, while also retrieving the list
of projects that currently have access.  
This resource helps enable cross-project collaboration and controlled network resource sharing within KakaoCloud.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_subnet_share Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_subnet_share)
resource "kakaocloud_subnet_share" "example" {
  id = kakaocloud_subnet.example.id

  project_ids = [
    var.project1_id,
    var.project2_id,
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `id` (Required, String) Subnet ID
- `project_ids` (Required, Set of String) List of Project IDs requesting subnet sharing

- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `projects` (List of String) Computed list of Project IDs currently sharing access to the Subnet (read-only)

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_subnet_share.example <resource_id>
```

