---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_volume_snapshot Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_volume_snapshot resource allows you to create and manage snapshots of block storage volumes in KakaoCloud.You can configure full or incremental snapshots, provide descriptions, and track dependencies between snapshots.This resource also exposes metadata such as size, status, and schedule associations, enabling efficient backup and recovery of volume data.
---

# kakaocloud_volume_snapshot (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_volume_snapshot` resource allows you to create and manage snapshots of block storage volumes in KakaoCloud.  
You can configure full or incremental snapshots, provide descriptions, and track dependencies between snapshots.  
This resource also exposes metadata such as size, status, and schedule associations, enabling efficient backup and recovery of volume data.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage example volume snapshot.
resource "kakaocloud_volume_snapshot" "example" {
  volume_id      = "xxxxxx-yyyy-zzzz-81e8-836ebe461ba6"
  name           = "snapshot_example"
  is_incremental = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `is_incremental` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot is incremental
- `name` (String) Snapshot name
- `volume_id` (String) Unique ID of the volume

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the snapshot
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `id` (String) ID of the snapshot
- `is_dependent_snapshot` (Boolean) Whether the snapshot depends on another snapshot
- `parent_id` (String) Parent snapshot ID
- `project_id` (String) Project ID the snapshot belongs to
- `real_size` (Number) Actual used size (in bytes)
- `schedule_id` (String) ID of the schedule the snapshot belongs to
- `size` (Number) Snapshot size (GB)
- `status` (String) Snapshot status <br/> - `Creating`: snapshot creation in progress <br/> - `Available`: snapshot available <br/> - `Restoring`: restore in progress <br/> - `Deleting`: deletion in progress <br/> - `Error`: snapshot unavailable
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated <br/> - ISO_8601 format <br/> - Based on UTC
- `user_id` (String) ID of the user who created the snapshot

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
# Volume snapshot can be imported by specifying the uuid.
terraform import kakaocloud_volume_snapshot.example xxxxxx-yyyy-zzzz-81e8-836ebe461ba6
```
