---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kakaocloud_vpc Resource - kakaocloud"
subcategory: "VPC"
description: |-
  The kakaocloud_vpc resource allows you to create and manage Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) in KakaoCloud.A VPC defines an isolated network environment with its own IPv4 CIDR block, subnets, route tables, and internet gateway (IGW).You can specify the CIDR block and name, attach subnets, and manage lifecycle operations such as creation and deletion.This resource also provides metadata about default route tables, DNS support, and provisioning status.
---

# kakaocloud_vpc (Resource)

The `kakaocloud_vpc` resource allows you to create and manage Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) in KakaoCloud.  
A VPC defines an isolated network environment with its own IPv4 CIDR block, subnets, route tables, and internet
gateway (IGW).  
You can specify the CIDR block and name, attach subnets, and manage lifecycle operations such as creation and
deletion.  
This resource also provides metadata about default route tables, DNS support, and provisioning status.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# kakaocloud_vpc Terraform Resource Example

# Basic Usage (kakaocloud_vpc)
resource "kakaocloud_vpc" "example" {
  name       = "example-vpc"
  cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"

  subnet = {
    availability_zone = "kr-central-2-a"
    cidr_block        = "10.0.0.0/24"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Argument Reference

- `cidr_block` (Required, String) IPv4 CIDR block of the VPC (e.g., `10.0.0.0/16`)
- `name` (Required, String) Name of the VPC

- `subnet` (Optional, Attributes) Subnet information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnet))
- `timeouts` (Optional, Attributes) Custom timeout settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

## Attribute Reference

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `default_route_table` (Attributes) Object containing default route table information (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_route_table))
- `description` (String) Description of the VPC
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the VPC
- `igw` (Attributes) Object containing information of the attached internet gateway (
  see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--igw))
- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether it is the default VPC
- `is_enable_dns_support` (Boolean) Indicates whether DNS support is enabled
- `project_id` (String) ID of the project the VPC belongs to
- `project_name` (String) Name of the project the VPC belongs to
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `region` (String) Region where the VPC resides
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard

<a id="nestedatt--subnet"></a>

### Nested Schema for `subnet`

- `availability_zone` (Required, String) Availability zone to create the subnet in<br/> - `kr-central-2-a`:
  kr-central-2-a AZ<br/> - `kr-central-2-b`: kr-central-2-b AZ<br/> - `kr-central-2-c`: kr-central-2-c AZ
- `cidr_block` (Required, String) IP address range of the subnet (CIDR format)<br/> - Example: `10.0.1.0/24`

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>

### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

- `create` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state
  before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (Optional, String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration)
  consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (
  minutes), "h" (hours).

<a id="nestedatt--default_route_table"></a>

### Nested Schema for `default_route_table`

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `description` (String) Description of the route table
- `id` (String) Route table ID
- `name` (String) Route table name
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard

<a id="nestedatt--igw"></a>

### Nested Schema for `igw`

- `created_at` (String) Time when the resource was created<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard
- `description` (String) Description of the internet gateway
- `id` (String) Internet gateway ID
- `name` (String) Internet gateway name
- `operating_status` (String) Operating status
- `project_id` (String) Project ID of the VPC
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status
- `region` (String) Region information
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the resource was last updated<br/> - ISO_8601 format<br/> - UTC standard

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for
example:

```shell
$ terraform import kakaocloud_vpc.example <resource_id>
```

